feat: Introducing Artsy Engineering Radio post (#644)
artsy/artsy.github.io: _posts/2021-01-06-introducing-artsy-engineering-radio.markdown

---
layout: epic
title: "Introducing Artsy Engineering Radio"
date: 2021-01-06
categories: [podcast, community, learning]
author: [steve-hicks, jonallured]
---

> Available now [on iTunes][itunes] and hopefully your preferred podcast provider 🤞 is Artsy Engineering Radio!

Author: Not feeling great about "hopefully your preferred podcast provider 🤞" because it feels unclear whether I mean "hopefully you like itunes" instead of "hopefully we get those other sources working". Open to suggestions.

Reviewer: Maybe something like...
```suggestion
Available now [on iTunes][itunes] (and coming elsewhere soon) is Artsy Engineering Radio!
```

Reviewer 2: Should this be "Apple Podcasts"? On Mac that seems to be what it would be, though on Windows it's still iTunes (see [here](https://www.apple.com/itunes/)).

Re: wording, how about "Available now on Apple Podcasts/iTunes (and soon to be available on Spotify, Stitcher, and Google podcasts): Artsy Engineering Radio!"

We'll release new episodes every other week. Our target episode length is 30 minutes. Some episodes will be
technical and others less so. Because [we work in the open][open-source-by-default] it's easy for us to talk about
our work in public.

> Solving problems in the world of software engineering can mean a lot of different things, and this podcast will

Reviewer 2: suggestion: move this paragraph above the previous paragraph. this feels much more like an intro!

Reviewer 2: oop I realize that this is a very unclear comment; I thought there was a paragraph break after "artsy engineering radio!" and there is not. Here's what I was envisioning:

```
Available now on iTunes and hopefully your preferred podcast provider 🤞 is Artsy Engineering Radio! 

Solving problems in the world of software engineering can mean a lot of different things, and this podcast will explore what that looks like at Artsy. If you've followed our blog, you can expect a podcast that sounds like it. There are a ton of amazing engineers here at Artsy and we're excited for you to hear their voices and stories. Our hope is that this podcast will reduce the friction and get more contributions shared with the world.

We'll release new episodes every other week. Our target episode length is 30 minutes. Some episodes will be technical and others less so. Because we work in the open it's easy for us to talk about our work in public.
```

Author: I like this, I will make this change.

explore what that looks like at Artsy. If you've followed our blog, you can expect a podcast that sounds like it.
There are a ton of amazing engineers here at Artsy and we're excited for you to hear their voices and stories. Our

> hope is that this podcast will reduce the friction and get more contributions shared with the world.

Reviewer 2: "reduce the friction" wouldn't make sense to me as an outside reader. how about "Our hope is that this podcast will make it easy for more engineers at Artsy to contribute to the public persona of Artsy Engineering." or something like that?

Reviewer 3: YES! this is what I meant but couldn't articulate as well as you have here. 👍

This isn't the first attempt at an Artsy engineering podcast! Our engineering team has attempted multiple times to
start one but they fizzled. In fact, when [Jon][jon] went to create new Slack and Notion hubs, he found that both
already existed. We're beating the fizzle this time, though. We've got momentum and enthusiasm on our side —
several episodes are already recorded, a couple are already published. Instead of tinkering with tooling we're
focusing on making episodes, even if they aren't perfect. Like the software we build, the podcast will get better

> over time as we iterate.

Reviewer: Might be worth linking to the 2017 PR with an earlier attempt? https://github.com/artsy/artsy.github.io/pull/368
